Day 1:

So today i finished the linux fundementals part 3 so im now finished with the whole linux fundementals.

i learned diffrent linux commands and how to execute them

tomorrow im going to continue my Journey on tryhackme

See you tomorrow.


Day 2:

today i finished the rooms "Become a Hacker" and "Pentesting fundementals".
In the first room i learned about diffrent tools like Hydra and used them to log into an website.
in the second room i learned what documents you need to legally do an pentest and how metholodgies and ethics are in pentesting.
i also started the valentines CTF event and i already did 3 rooms in there!, it was way more practical then the other rooms and i liked that!


See you tomorrow!



Day 3:

Today i did some other labs outside of Tryhackme there i learned about SQL injection, XSS, JWT, and API enumeration.
I will also do 1 or 2 Tryhackme rooms to further advance my progress in the Security + path.

See you tomorrow!


Day4:

Today i looked at Network Basics 

i Learned about the OSI Model and everything related to it and i also looked into detail of each of the OSI Parts.

See you tomorrow!



Day 5:

Today i wasnt able to do any Tryhackme rooms.

Instead of doing any Tryhackme rooms i watched 2 John hammond Malware analysis videos and reviewed them.

See you tomorrow!



Day 6:

I started my daily learning session by completing the Tryhackme room "Data Representation"

In there i learned the diffrences between Decimals, Binary and Hexdecimals
i also learned how colors are represented with Hexdecimals on an computer.

I finished my day off by watching a Youtube video and i also did some research about the CompTIA Security + certificate.

See you tomorrow!



Day 7: 

Todays learning session started later in the evening because i was busy the whole day.

Because i started later i couldnt do a lot so i did 1 Windows fundementals TryHackMe room.
It wasnt very interesting because most of the things i already knew but still it was interesting to learn more about Windows 10 Becuase i dont use it.
to finish the day off i watched annother Youtube video.

See you tomorrow!

